very good to all guys and girls what
you are welcome once again here
to the channel and good today we bring a little something
I have here the creator of any
adornment of the character because it is not the
creator of the character me but yes that is
the creator of this figure that we are
seeing is worth it right now
take a look and the truth is that I
I think it's the embroidery and a lot of people
will say but this suddenly he does here
in this channel when you already know that
carlos and has a channel of good who
do not know already you know it now has a
channel of creations with materials like
It can be the film or it is a material
to make pretty pretty figures
recommended if you want to make figures
that last you in time and that
really because it is that this is a
really bony figure then today we
bring this character who is this
character by the way is hello hello the
new disney movie that premieres
tomorrow OK
very well
the truth is that he is a character that
Let's go look at him with that caress that
has you fall in love directly i have
seen the stuffed animal in the Disney store I
I want I do not want anything else to see it and I have not
seen the movie I still do not know much
of the character but we're going to see it
and my name of course to the hill
you have to miss it and especially tell you
I've said this before but
emphasize this what he has done as
has done you want to see what the
process of how this figure has been made
in its entirety because you have in the
description of this video you have the
link to your channel voucher is your channel
youtube in which we then in 30
seconds summarize what we can
find on that channel because people
have to go to your channel or what kind of
people would have to go to your channel
because there will be people who do not care and
appeared güiza the videos courses te
like that you like collecting
usually like the theme on the stand
aysén and you want to give aluminosis of
have super exclusive things and they are already
for that you have to win because
there we create things you will not find
for sale because if they are for sale the
base before anyone
and
it's very easy to make a voucher and here's
things that seem more complicated is
question simply of practice not
I would have been learning and playing with
ways and we come to things like this or
things like you can see on my channel
Well, I think they have enough
clear to all the subscribers so
thank you very much guys and girls and if
you want to see how this has been created
doll that the truth is that I saw him the
day he did it he was recording it and
I was amazed at how little you took
in doing this good is that more I hope
that you cheer up do not you do something something
but we have to see something so that the
people see how easy you are person me
I do not know if they would be able but I think that
yes man I'm subscribed to your channel
of course and little by little then I'm going
trying to learn how to do things
these so nothing directly at all
tell you that we really wait for you
in that good channel is expected carlos
especially that your channel and there you go to
discover a lot of things
resident evil the legend of zelda
thousand things in that channel that you can
interest
to the subscribers of
and nothing that we see that tomorrow there is no
that miss this movie and that I already
I have good we already have the
hello figurine
because you give it to me good is good
see you in the next video you know
in the link of the description of this
channel all my favorite goats is called the
channel and then creations of all
Our heroes